Big Sur, Unmistakably Autobiographical, Big Sur, Jack Kerouac's Ninth Novel, Was
Written As The "king Of The Beats" Was Ap-, Proaching Middle-age And Re flects His
Struggle To Come To Terms With His Own Myth. The Magnificent And Moving Story.
Of jack duluoz, a man blessed by great talent and cursed with an urge towards selfdestruction, big sur is at once ker
Unmistakably autobiographical, Big Sur, Jack Kerouac's ninth novel, was written as the
"King of the beats" was approaching middle-age and reflects his struggle to come to
terms with his own myth. The magnificent and moving story. Of jack duluoz, a man
blessed by great talent and cursed with an urge towards self-destruction, big sur is at once
kerouac's toughest and his most humane work. JACK KEROUAC was born in 1922 in
Lowell, Massachusetts, the youngest of three children in a French-Canadian family. In
high school he was a star player on the local football team, and went on to win football
scholarships to Horace Mann (a New York prep school) and Columbia College. He left
Columbia and football in his sophomore year, joined the Merchant Marines and began the
restless wanderings that were to continue for the greater part of his life. His first novel,
The Town and the City, was published in 1950. On the Road, although written in 1951
(in a few hectic days on a scroll of newsprint), was not published until 1957 -- it made
him one of the most controversial and bestknown writers of his time. Publication of his
many other books, among them The Subterraneans, Doctor Sax and Desolation Angels,
followed.
Jack Kerouac died in 1969, in St Petersburg, Florida, at the age of forty-seven.
My work comprises one vast book like Proust's except that my remembrances are
written on the run instead of afterwards in a sick bed. Because of the objections of my
early publishers I was not allowed to use the same personae names in each work. On the
Road, The Subterraneans, The Dharma Bums, Doctor Sax, Maggie Cassidy, Tristessa,
Desolation Angels, Visions of Cody and the others including this book Big Sur are just
chapters in the whole work which I call The Duluoz Legend. In my old age I intend to
collect all my work and re- insert my pantheon of uniform names, leave the long shelf
full of books there, and die happy. The whole thing forms one enormous comedy, seen
through the eyes of poor Ti Jean (me), otherwise known as Jack Duluoz, the world of
raging action and folly and also of gentle sweetness seen through the keyhole of his eye.
JACK KEROUAC
1
The church is blowing a sad windblown "Kathleen" on the bells in the skid row slums as
I wake up all woebegone and goopy, groaning from another drinking bout and groaning
most of all because I'd ruined my "secret return" to San Francisco by getting silly drunk
while hiding in the alleys with bums and then marching forth into North Beach to see
everybody altho Lorenz Monsanto and I'd exchanged huge letters outlining how I would
sneak in quietly, call him on the phone using a code name like Adam Yulch or Lalagy
Pulvertaft (also writers) and then he would secretly drive me to his cabin in the Big Sur
woods where I would be alone and undisturbed for six weeks just chopping wood,
drawing water, writing, sleeping, hiking, etc., etc. -- But instead I've bounced drunk into
his City Lights bookshop at the height of Saturday night business, everyone recognized
me (even tho" I was wearing my disguise-like fisherman's hat and fishermen coat and
pants waterproof) and "t'all ends up a roaring drunk in all the famous bars the bloody
"King of the Beatniks" is back in town buying drinks for everyone -- Two days of that,
including Sunday the day Lorenzo is supposed to pick me up at my "secret" skid row
hotel (the Mars on 4th and Howard) but when he calls for me there's no answer, he has
the clerk open the door and what does he see but me out on the floor among bottles, Ben
Fagan stretched out partly beneath the bed, and Robert Browning the beatnik painter out
on the bed, snoring... So says to himself "I'll pick him up next weekend, I guess he wants
to drink for a week in the city (like he always does, I guess)" so off he drives to his Big
Sur cabin without me thinking he's doing the right thing but my God when I wake up, and
Ben and Browning are gone, they've somehow dumped me on the bed, and I hear "I'll
Take You Home Again Kathleen" being bellroped so sad in the fog winds out there that
blow across the rooftops of eerie old hangover Frisco, wow, I've hit the end of the trail
and cant even drag my body any more even to a refuge in the woods let alone stay upright
in the city a minute -- It's the first trip I've taken away from home (my mother's house)
since the publication of "Road" the book that "made me famous" and in fact so much so
I've been driven mad for three years by endless telegrams, phonecalls, requests, mail,
visitors, reporters, snoopers (a big voice saying in my basemerit window as I prepare to
write a story: ARE YOU BUSY? ) or the time the reporter ran upstairs to my bedroom as
I sat there in my pajamas trying to write down a dream -- Teenagers jumping the six- foot
fence I'd had built around my yard for privacy -- Parties with bottles yelling at my study
window "Come on out and get drunk, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy! "... A
woman coming to my door and saying "I'm not going to ask you if you're Jack Duluoz
because I know he wears a beard, can you tell me where I can find him, I want a real
beatnik at my annual Shindig party" -- Drunken visitors puking in my study, stealing
books and even pencils... Uninvited acquaintances staying for days because of the clean
beds and good food my mother provided... Me drunk practically all the time to put on a
jovial cap to keep up with all this but finally realizing I was surrounded and outnumbered
and had to get away to solitude again or die -- So Lorenzo Monsanto wrote and said
"Come to my cabin, no one'll know, " etc., so I had sneaked into San Francisco as I say,
coming 3000 miles from my home in Long Island (Northport) in a pleasant roomette on
the California Zephyr train watching America roll by outside my private picture window,
really happy for the first time in three years, staying in the roomette all three days and
three nights with my instant coffee and sandwiches -- Up the Hudson Valley and over
across New York State to Chicago and then the Plains, the mountains, the desert, the final
mountains of California, all so easy and dreamlike compared to my old harsh hitch
hikings before I made enough money to take transcontinental trains (all over America
high school and college kids thinking "Jack Duluoz is 26 years old and on the road all the
time hitch hiking" while there I am almost 40 years old, bored and jaded in a roomette
bunk crashin across that Salt Flat) -- But in any case a wonderful start towards my retreat
so generously offered by sweet old Monsanto and instead of going thru smooth and easy I
wake up drunk, sick, disgusted, frightened, in fact terrified by that sad song across the 
